## <span style = "color:violet;" > COLLEGE LANDING PAGE_DELENA UNIVERSITY

* 60% of shoppers conduct online research before buying. This fact came from a survey before few years, so by now this number will have definitely increased, and even more so during self-isolation due to COVID-19.

* This will also be true in the education industry as travel may have been halted,**but the hunger for language learning remains.**

* I think it is pretty obvious that in recent years all the schools and college works functionally in online mode.

* All schools, colleges or universities out there have a main company website.**However, how many have an effective website?**

## <span style = "color:violet;" > __MY MAIN MOTTO__ </span>*‘ Having a website that works is vital.’*

> A website that is fast enough for use on mobile devices is, has a design that engages and promotes use by visitors, and architecture that makes it easy for the potential student to find information has never been more vital.
>
> I am designing a website such that it is appealing to visitors and makes us stand out from our competitors and brings instant credibility to our brand.
>
> I think that this should always be the first source of information for students when evaluating a college. It should present accurate information, and highlight features that you should want to know about.

## <span style = "color:VIOLET;" > __IMPROVEMENTS__ </span>

So I am further improving the website, which will satisfy the above needs and the conditions.

I would like add the 
- upcoming events, 
- glimpse of the year, 
- research activities that are going in our college campus.

I would also like to add our ‘faculty details’ to our page and I will upgrade my page such that it looks even more attractive and informative.




